Are things rough out there for agency
owners? Is it hard to be a consultant in
digital marketing right now? I I don't
like to answer that question with an
opinion. I like to answer it with data.
So, Patty Muggan and I have run our
survey once again of hundreds of agency
owners all around the world. You can see
uh in different service categories and
and age and size. And thanks to this
survey, which hundreds of you filled out
and we really appreciate, you can see
these trends in the data. I'm going to
show you just a couple of fascinating
ones. We asked people whether artificial
intelligence posed a significant threat
to their business model, and you can see
that people believe this more now than
they did last year, which I find
fascinating. So there there's the
comparison. Uh, also people are really
worried about AI taking junior employees
jobs away, which is a trend we've seen
across the AI fears world. As for
pipelines, we've got data on that. We
have data on how long it takes leads to
close versus a year ago. Uh, there's
data on how revenue and net margins are
doing for agencies in comparison to past
years because folks generously shared
that data. I do think even though uh a
lot of agencies said things are hard
right now, there is a tremendous amount
of optimism from agency owners. I think
that's quite fascinating uh to see. And
we asked about retention and revenue uh
over time. You can find that data in
here. There's a ton of great stuff. We
asked a bunch of opinion questions which
we'll be publishing in January, so stay
tuned for that. But if you want to see
how your agency compares or what the
agency world is like right now, I urge
you to check out this resource. Patty
has done an incredible job uh and and
his work with Founder Focus, which helps
agency owners, you know, get better at
their jobs, has really means that he's
connected to these people, and that has
meant a lot of great data sharing. So
give it a look.